CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS VSL


Would you like to discover how to apply the TATE SECRETS to scale your personal brand or business to 8 figures and beyond?


If you are a creator, entrepreneur, or marketer, you will understand that all online businesses more or less share the same fundamentals.


So what makes THIS different?


Well let me ask you…


How many people do you know who have tried to recreate Andrew Tate’s success and fame online?


How many people have tried to “funnel hack” The Real World and War Room sales funnels?


How many people have tried to emulate the affiliate marketing scheme for themselves to drive massive traffic?


How many have scaled their brand or business beyond 8 figures with organic traffic alone?


…


Exactly, nobody.


Everyone lacks in some area, whether it’s entertainment factor, virality, wisdom, sales and marketing ability, funnel setup, product offering, branding, oration, or raw charisma and aura.


And the reason we’ve been able to master all the necessary areas to make the Cobratate brand a resounding success… was because we implemented the TATE SECRETS.


Let me show you a sample of what’s inside the TATE SECRETS…


<TATE SECRETS MONTAGE>


You’ll know that these are THE direct instructions from Andrew Tate and his cousin Luc THEMSELVES that ANYONE can follow to scale their personal brand or business to 8 figures and beyond.


They were shared with me, the former head of sales and marketing at Cobratate from 2021 to 2023,


during Tate’s peak profitability and virality,


as instructions on how to run the Cobratate operation,


and they also contained many more marketing, sales, oration, body language, branding, funnel, and esoteric secrets.


However, I cannot share EXACTLY WHAT is contained inside the TATE SECRETS with you.


Because the secrets themselves are much too powerful to be shared.


They are so powerful in fact, that Luc, Tate’s cousin and head of operations, always warned me about them falling into the wrong hands.


Here we can see a conversation with Luc himself explaining to me the true power of the TATE SECRETS…


“I’m not sure you understand” (Luc)


“The lessons being given” (Luc)


“I don’t even like them going out” (Luc)


“I wish I could magically put them in your brains” (Luc)


“Without you guys knowing them” (Luc)


“Really?” (Pampa)


“Well” (Pampa)


“It’s taught nowhere else” (Pampa)


“For a reason” (Luc)


“Some skills aren’t taught” (Luc)


“It’s how you conquered earth” (Pampa)


“Because they’re too powerful” (Luc)


“I’d pay insane money for these lessons” (Pampa)


“We wouldn’t sell them” (Luc)


And neither would we.


They are far too powerful to be shared word for word.


And even if we did share them, you would not understand them.


You would not know how to apply them, and you’d call it a waste of money.


So instead, I’m going to share with you something EVEN better…


Something that anyone CAN understand, and CAN implement, with as little effort as possible.


My team members used it to generate 11 million dollars in sales with Luke Belmar’s Capital Club by dominating the top leaderboards for affiliates,


note here I never personally worked with Luke Belmar himself, but my team members did.


We used it to help scale Champtgram’s offer to around half a million dollars a month, which was literally doing low 5 figures when we started working together.


My good friend Daniel who used to work at the Cobratate operation with me, and learned all of these secrets alongside me, used it to scale his offer to just over 1 million dollars per month.


And even smaller creators just starting out such as Robin,


were able to generate 73.5 thousand dollars in his first 45 days implementing them.


And another example Chris, he generated 70 thousand dollars in only 30 days.


So you can see these methods work amazingly to scale existing operations to multiple 6 figures, going on 7 figures and beyond… which is 8 figures per year by the way.


AND they work for beginners looking to achieve rapid success as well.


Now of course if you are starting from complete zero, I’m not promising 8 figure years overnight.


Tate spent many years mastering sales, oration, presentation, aura, charisma, and all the skills required to become an “overnight success” with the right team.


But what this is, is the most straightforward path towards results possible to scale your online brand or business.


Because would you rather figure things out through trial and error?


Or model what has been proven to work time and time again?


Now it will only work, as long as YOU put in the work,


and fulfill a few other requirements as well, because this is not for everybody…


If you, or your clients are making in excess of 9 figures and are ALREADY a household name… then we cannot promise to scale your brand or business to 8 figures,


because you’re already past that.


Rather we can only promise to optimize it with the missing information that only we have knowledge and expertise on, so that you can take it to the next level.


If you are just digging and looking for information, wanting to purchase more education you will never implement…


Then I recommend you look elsewhere because when you do decide to implement what you have purchased,


you’ll stop digging and looking for information because you’ll quickly realize there’s nowhere else to go.


If you have no work ethic or grit, even though we give you the framework for the most straightforward path towards results


with as many things automated and systemized with AI to ensure the minimum possible expenditure of energy and work is required on your end…


there is still work required, obviously, and it will not work unless you work for your own success.


On the other hand, THIS IS for the following people…


It is for the motivated creator and entrepreneur who wants to push their limits and who understands that a new reality of achievement is possible for them.


It is for the individuals who want to promote a legitimate, and honest offer with a positive influence that will benefit the world.


It is for the individual who is ready to invest in their success, because we all understand that access to the minds of the right mentors, with the right information…


Could literally change the trajectory of your brand or business forever.


But before we continue, I want to make a huge disclaimer…


We do not support or endorse Andrew Tate, and his cohort in any way, shape, or form.


And we no longer work with him or his team in any capacity.


We are former members and directors of the Cobratate operation for a reason, by choice.


Let’s just say that I have a completely clean criminal and legal record because I have never participated in OF or adult industries related businesses ever in my life.


And let’s leave it at that.


Regardless, the marketing and sales accomplishments of the past few years in the Cobratate operation generating over 9 figures and completely dominating marketing on the internet cannot be denied.


And my role inside the operation…


Helping to orchestrate a mass propaganda campaign and building a 9 figure consulting and info product business with The War Room and The Real World…


Was featured on both the British Broadcasting Corporation AND the American Broadcasting Company


which further proves how impactful our marketing and sales efforts were.


And by now I’m sure you’re wondering, who is this guy?


My name is Eli Pampa and I’m going to show you how to APPLY the TATE SECRETS to scale your brand or business to 8 figures and beyond.


I worked behind the scenes in the Cobratate operation from 2021 to 2023 as the former head of sales and marketing.


And my team members, 17 of the 25 marketers who generated 99% of all traffic for Cobratate and Luke Belmar, worked with Cobratate from 2022 to 2024.


Yes, that was the same time frame during Tate’s meteoric rise to fame and fortune.


That was the same time frame that you started seeing Tate all over social media…


And that was the same time frame we were able to generate over 9 figures in profits, because of the extremely high margins of our business model.


Yes, that’s over 9 figures in profits with low ticket monthly recurring revenue AND high ticket upsells combined.


So we’ve mastered selling products across all price ranges.


But most importantly…


This was also the time frame we were able to apply the TATE SECRETS across all facets of our operation in order to become the biggest brand in the world…


Do you know how much power we had?


Can you imagine when every single word you say influences people so powerfully, that they are compelled to do anything you say…


And go to bed thinking about your words because it affected them so deeply?


Can you imagine optimizing your marketing and sales so effectively that leads convert effortlessly, buy all the upsells, and new people pour into your funnel, NEVER to leave?


Can you imagine yourself becoming more famous and rich then you ever imagined, or helping your clients become this… and making YOURSELF rich in the process?


Now, while I cannot guarantee you any specific results… It totally depends on your work ethic and competence.


But I’m guessing if you made it this far, you work hard and are smart, so then the only thing holding you back would be thinking that you already know it all.


Which I don’t think is the case either, because as a current – or future – successful entrepreneur and creator you KNOW that you need to learn new skills in order to become more successful.


Because the ONLY thing holding you back between where you are now, and where you WANT to be… is information.


Tate and Luc are not better or more capable individuals than you are, they are just normal dudes, I know them very well…


The ONLY difference between the success of the Cobratate operation and yours… is literally just information which I am about to reveal to you…


So how DO you APPLY the TATE SECRETS to scale your brand or business to 8 figures and beyond.


The answer is in an 8 week transformation program put together by myself, and the TOP 17 affiliate marketers for Cobratate and Luke Belmar.


This transformation program is based on the TATE SECRETS, and is the most surefire way to take ANYONE from even zero knowledge, to learning everything required to become a massively successful online creator and entrepreneur.


And if you’re ALREADY an intermediate or advanced creator or entrepreneur doing 6 or 7 figures… 


Then it’s going to be EVEN BETTER for you because you can focus on the more advanced concepts which are really the missing pieces you were looking for.


And yes, this is for you, whether you are front facing the camera, OR behind the scenes.


Because behind the scenes you are masterminding everything so YOU need to be EVEN SHARPER than your front facing partner…


And you all need to be on the same page implementing the TATE SECRETS.


So, let’s get right into what exactly goes into this 8 week transformation program now…


Week One: Fundamentals


The first thing you must do is learn the truth about human nature, sales, and marketing.


Humans are motivated by primarily one thing…


And that one thing is what you need to tailor your sales and marketing message around.


Do you know what it is?


That one thing is reproduction.


However you cannot just say, “buy my money making course and you will have unlimited sex.”


And how do you, for example, smoothly connect selling toilet paper to the primary desire of reproduction?


You must fulfill multiple derivative desires in a specific way in order to feed that primary motivator.


We’ll teach you exactly what those desires are, and how you can fulfill them effectively.


This is a process of reprogramming whatever you thought you knew about sales and marketing, so that we can build your offer, which is the next step.


Lots of people make the mistake of building an audience first before defining their offer, or they do not match it exactly with a derivative human desire.


We’ll explain to you exactly why you should build your offer FIRST… BEFORE you build your audience, WHY EVERYONE has an offer to sell, and HOW you should structure it.


Even if you ALREADY have an offer, is it converting how you want?


Have you hit the volume you know you are capable of?


Are sales easy? Is there any friction at all?


ALL your conversion problems START with your offer, so we will sort that out first.


Now that your offer is set, it’s time to get into branding and backstory.


Here’s a truth bomb:


Many of Tate’s canon stories… never happened.


He never beat up those guys with hammers.


He isn’t even a world champion kickboxer in the best division… Glory and K1 are better leagues he never won, or even got invited to compete in.


And his net worth along with how many supercars he had was literally a different number every single time he opened his mouth… and NOT because it gradually increased, no, DRASTICALLY different numbers every single time.


My point here is that if your story is crafted well enough, and repeated enough times with enough proof…


People will believe ANYTHING.


I’m not telling you to lie, in fact I advocate always telling the truth.


Because every liar gets exposed eventually.


This is why I am never claiming to have made Tate famous personally, I played a big role, however it was a team effort I cannot claim full responsibility over.


So you should always tell the truth, but it must be crafted in a specific way which we will teach you.


The next step is installing the correct belief systems required for people to FOLLOW YOU and BUY FROM YOU.


Every single decision people make is based on a set of beliefs they have.


You watched this video because you believed that we were going to share the practical applications of the TATE SECRETS with you…


Because you also believed that you would learn the secrets to the success of the Cobratate operation and how it can universally apply to all brands and businesses…


In other words, YOUR brand or business… and you are correct in this belief.


The beauty of installing beliefs is that every single belief people have CAN be altered over time to whatever you NEED people to believe in…


In order for them to FOLLOW YOU and BUY FROM YOU.


Week Two: Asset Creation


This week is all about creating the assets required for you to make money as FAST as possible.


We are not here to waste time going over endless theory, we are here so that you can get results as FAST as possible.


SPEED is the name of the game, and that was our entire ethos at Cobratate.


We launched Hustler’s University 2.0 inside of 26 straight hours of work on laptops, and after a year we were doing 9 figures in annual recurring revenue.


Using the TATE SECRETS guidelines we’ll show you how to build a funnel that will crush it for your brand or business TODAY.


We’ll show you how to actually think about market research, and you’ll learn our proven 8 figure VSL framework which you can literally plug and play TODAY to write your own next 8 figure VSL…


Our 8 figure VSL formula can be reused at any time to become a walking, talking pitch-machine like Tate is… you’ve probably seen him riff off selling points like second nature.


That was LEARNED, and there is a specific structure to the way we order the selling points in a VSL which you will soon learn.


And as a bonus, we teach you the 8 figure landing page principles which nobody ever talks about… because frankly, nobody knows about them!


The Real World landing page and VSL, at the surface level, looks like just another well made funnel.


But it contains hidden psychological elements which allowed it to convert not only 8 figures… but over 9 figures in profits…


Which is completely unheard of in the online space with purely organic traffic.


Nobody… not Iman, not Hormozi, not Belmar, not anyone can claim these results.


 .


Soon you will learn how to achieve some of those results as well for yourself.


With these assets made, you will be able to sell your offer as quickly as possible…


And also put money in your pocket, as quickly as possible.


Next…


Week Three: Sales


The Cobratate Sales team is stuff of legend.


We sold 7979 USD seats for The War Room over text, voicenotes, and calls, sometimes even talking to 5 people at a time.


THAT’S how good my team and I were.


Which at its height included 40 people around the world I trained and managed pulling magic internet money from the sky.


It’s safe to say I’m a thorough expert at sales, and coupled with the TATE SECRETS, there is nowhere better to learn this crucial skill from.


And this is THE most important skill you must learn.


This is why sales comes before marketing, because if you cannot sell a person 1-on-1…


How are you going to hope to sell thousands, if not millions of people?


You have to master selling your offer 1-on-1 first, and using the applied methods from the TATE SECRETS we will teach you how to make people sell to themselves instead of YOU selling to them.


How is this possible?


I’ll show you now…


Do you agree that sales is fundamentally convincing somebody to buy something from you?


Well, of course.


Do you agree then that to convince someone of anything, they first need to understand certain things and look at the world in a certain way?


Well, obviously.


Now, if you made YOURSELF understand these things and ways of looking at the world, INSTEAD of someone ELSE forcing you to understand them, you would be much more likely to believe it, right?


Well, YES.


Do you see what I did there?


I just made you convince yourself that the best way to sell is to make people sell to themselves.


You’ll learn exactly how this worked plus 67 other hidden sales tactics very soon… 


Even if you think you are already good at sales… this style of selling with the TATE SECRETS is completely different to anything you have ever experienced before.


And you’ll also learn how to build sales scripts for your offer, hire a team of killers, train your team on sales, and manage your troops effectively.


Because all the leads you will generate will need someone to talk to them obviously, it’s money on the table and you’re here to collect ALL of it, right?


Week Four: Content and Marketing


Now that you’ve mastered sales… it’s time to do marketing.


Marketing is just sales to many people without immediate feedback.


And if you’ve learned sales properly in the week prior, you will already know all the most common feedback and objections you would get.


In fact, it will be like second nature for you.


Now all you need to do now is plug that into your marketing, and apply our proven frameworks we will provide you.


Because there are only two things you need to be thinking about when you do marketing


Do you know what they are?


1. You must always be relevant.


2. You must always be programming.


Once you understand how to apply these two things, it’s really like Pandora's box because you will know exactly what the needle movers for your marketing are all of the time.


If it’s a relevance, or traffic problem, you will know exactly how to solve that.


If it’s a programming, or conversions problem, you will know exactly how to solve that.


No need to overcomplicate it.


And from this, you will follow another revolutionary framework we developed with AI


which gives you a scientifically perfect plug and play marketing plan for every platform based on your branding and backstory,


the belief systems required for people to follow you and buy from you,


and what’s currently converting best in the market for your niche.


This removes the guesswork completely about which topics to make content on which will be most valuable for your audience,


go the most viral, and generate the most amount of conversions possible.


While still keeping your authentic voice and saying the things you want to say.


Speaking about things to say…


Do you know when to use a script?


When to use talking points?


Do you know how to make your scripts not sound like scripts at all?


Do you know the optimal filming setups for every scenario?


You will be given frameworks to optimize for all of this as well.


Week Five: Presentation Magic


This is where the REAL magic happens.


No matter how good your marketing is…


No matter how good your editing is…


No matter how good everything else in your business is…


If YOU are not THAT guy or girl…


You will always be operating below your potential.


So WHAT goes into becoming THAT person?


Oration, Body Language, Becoming Magic, and Nerve Force.


Allow me to explain.


I  n this world, the person who masters presentation and delivery in the English language rules the world.


Conversation rules the nation.


If you look at the most prominent, influential, and wealthiest people in the world…


They were all able to master these arts to use publicly, OR behind the scenes to get what they wanted in life.


Now the first element you must master is oration.


This is all about what you say, and how you say it.


There is a specific never-before-shared mindset, technique, and routine used by Andrew Tate himself to become probably the best orator in the world right now.


Upon further research, I’ve come to find that some of the greatest orators of all time shared the same oratory fundamentals to become wildly influential and get what they want in life.


So out of these things was born a framework you will soon have access to that I developed to allow anyone no matter their current skill level to become a master orator with just a little bit of effort.


The next facet is body language.


What most people get wrong about body language is that they believe that there is a specific way of sitting, standing, or moving your arms that will give you the desired effects of influencing people.


That is not entirely accurate.


Mindset and general principles are much more important, and this is in fact the reason you do not see two master public speakers making the exact same gestures…


Yet BOTH still have a massive impact.


Granted, there are also specific techniques that once you learn, you will be able to spot the most highly trained politicians using…


And you will have an “aha” moment because it will become so obvious to you what they are doing.


The third step is Becoming Magic.


Ask yourself, and be honest…


Do you meet people, and have a powerful impact on them?


Do they remember you?


Do they AGREE with you?


Do they see you as a LEADER?


In other words, do you have AURA???


You don’t need to tell anybody the answer to these questions, but YOU will know deep inside what is the truth.


I’ve only met a handful of people in my life who actually have aura, and I’ve been around some of the most extraordinary people on this earth.


So chances are you have a thing or two to learn about this.


If you cannot influence people ONE ON ONE, and leave an INDELIBLE impact on them every single time…


How are you going to expect to influence thousands, if not millions of people?


Fortunately for you, we have cracked the code on the work that must be done in order to BECOME that person in the shortest possible amount of time.


This doesn’t mean you’ll become a cookie cutter influential person, every person will become their OWN unique most influential version.


However, the universal formula every single person must follow is the same.


And I’m not saying it is going to be easy, and I’m not saying you will get results instantly.


If this fact dissuades you from continuing, then feel free to stop here, respectfully.


This path is not for everyone, it’s reserved for winners only.


So what is the formula?


There are a few important factors in the formula, but the most important one is called Nerve Force.


Nerve Force is the internal energy which determines whether someone will fall under your influence, or not.


The only way I can describe this magic is through analogies.


Let’s say you took 100 random people, and you forced them to pick a leader amongst themselves.


A leader would emerge.


They wouldn’t necessarily be the most skilled.


Neither would they necessarily be the smartest or richest.


Yet everyone would understand that THIS person is the leader.


Why is that?


Another example…


Have you ever agreed to something totally irrational without fully understanding what it is…


But it just “felt right” because somebody convinced you?


We all have, even the most rational thinkers have had experiences like this.


It made no sense, but some force just compelled you to act.


Why is that?


And one more…


I’m sure you’ve been around the popular person in school, the successful businessman, or perhaps even the suave musician or artist.


That aura they possessed, WHAT is it? And how did they come to have it?


Why is it that they seem to always get what they want from people?


These mysteries of life are explained by Nerve Force.


THAT is what made Tate extremely captivating…


Because he was able to consciously harness this force…


Amplify it within himself…


And then project it outwards to influence the world.


This is the X factor YOU can also cultivate, and once again there are concrete steps you can take to develop these powers – all you have to do is believe in yourself, and be diligent in the exercises.


Week Six: Curating Your Content


This week is all about refining and iterating.


A creator’s work is ever evolving, and every detail counts.


We’ll guide you through the process of selecting the symbols and audios that will make your brand instantly recognizable.


You’ll learn how to install splinters and anchors in people’s minds so that they will remember you even when they are sleeping, and think of you in the most random moments.


You will be living rent free in their heads as a result of your meticulous design.


Your production will also get a massive optimization based on the editing and style elements you will be guided to choose.


And you will receive the social media content guide and framework that has allowed us to conquer every platform.


Week Seven: Supercharge Your Traffic


Now that your whole funnel, branding, marketing, sales, and personality is built and curated…


Now it is time to drive massive amounts of awareness to your brand or business.


The most effective organic strategy is the affiliate marketing system we used to take over the internet with Cobratate, and to a lesser degree with Luke Belmar.


Everyone thinks it was hundreds of editors reposting a bunch of small clips that made Andrew Tate and Luke Belmar go viral.


That is NOT the case.


It was only 25 or so marketers which generated 99% of all views for Cobratate and Luke Belmar.


And now you will get access to the secret knowledge of 17 of them.


There is a massive skill difference between the top, and the rest.


There is a reason they were so successful in blowing up not only a brand armed WITH the TATE SECRETS such as Cobratate was…


But also brands WITHOUT the TATE SECRETS such as Luke Belmar.


This editing ability alone was able to generate massive traffic, so now imagine how much more successful you’ll be having already learned all of the previous lessons based on the TATE SECRETS.


I’ve commissioned my best editors – who were top of the leaderboards in both the Cobratate AND Luke Belmar operations – to make short form content editing lessons which can take ANY editor from zero to absolute world class level in the shortest possible time.


If you were in The Real World Affiliate Marketing campus trying to take the lessons from there, or trying to make money inside and falling short – it’s because you have not learned the lessons you’re about to learn.


And for the first time ever I’m revealing the optimal short form content affiliate marketing system framework and setup that works in 2025, and is even better than the old model that was temporarily successful for Cobratate.


Week Eight: Tate Secrets


This week is where you learn the more advanced applications of the TATE SECRETS.


I can’t share much with you, but let’s just say you will be able to eclipse any brand that stands in your way and dominate your entire niche as long as you apply the methods properly.


And that’s really the key…


I could give you this entire 8 week methodology, but if you do not apply it, you will not have any results.


However if you DO apply it…


Then your potential could really be unlimited, so long as you put in the work and apply all the lessons…


All the lessons where?


All the lessons inside of CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS.


CLOUTPROFIT SECRETS is an 8 week transformation program based on the TATE SECRETS.


It is NOT a course.


CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS is designed to scale any personal brand or business…


whether you are a complete beginner who hasn’t even started one…


to a marketing and sales titan already doing multiple 6 or 7 figures…


or anything in between…


… to 8 figures and beyond as quickly as possible.


If you are struggling to grow your audience…


If you are growing your audience, but struggling to make truly impactful and infectious content…


If you have an audience, but struggle to make sales and upsell prospects…


If you are making sales, but struggling to scale to 8 figures and beyond…


If you are making an impact, but your brand or business is not yet a household name…


Then CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS is exactly what you need.


And most people make their money back quickly because of the solutions they are able to implement in their businesses.


People such as Champtgram who reached around half a million dollars in monthly recurring revenue with his offer after only a few months working with us.


And people such as Robin Ritter who was previously struggling to break past 5 figures… then easily making 73.5 thousand dollars in his FIRST 45 days inside CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS.


And many more success stories we’ve been able to produce in only 3 short months since we launched this offer.


The results get even better the longer you apply it.


We applied it for years at the Cobratate operation and that is the reason I have so much confidence in this transformation program based on the TATE SECRETS… because we literally used it to drive over a hundred million dollars in profits for the Cobratate operation.


Nobody is getting charged even a million dollars for this transformation program, even though that would be like getting a 100x return on your money… which is a FANTASTIC return on ANYBODY’S money in ANY investment opportunity.


Not to mention that the actual TATE SECRETS which will never be shared are literally worth unlimited money because they are too powerful to be shared… and you’re getting something even better.


Except this is not JUST an investment with a monetary return….


This is an investment in your skills and knowledge which you can take with you… FOREVER.


How much is the ability to build any personal brand or business from the ground up and scale it to 8 figures worth it to you?


$50k?


$100k?


$250k?


$1 million?


The truth is the value will only keep increasing because the competition is only going to keep getting better.


Building a brand or business is not an overnight process, and those who started early inevitably have a head start.


They had a longer time to establish themselves in your niche, and take your market share.


And every second you are not competing with them, they are further programming your potential future audience with THEIR programming… and not yours.


It’s not getting any easier out there, market sophistication keeps increasing.


People are becoming aware of the old marketing tactics.


You see it all the time with brands and businesses launching and making only 6 or 7 figures.


Utter failures.


They have so much more potential, but they simply do not know what they do not know.


And the longer they wait to learn what they need to learn, the harder it will become.


Because the longer they build a brand and create marketing, the longer they will reinforce their old habits.


They will keep reinforcing their old programming, which means they will be stuck getting the results which they currently have…


When instead, they need to be CHANGING their programming in order to get results which are BETTER than what they currently have.


As the genius Einstein said…


“Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, and expecting different results”


I trust that nobody watching this presentation is insane, and if you’ve watched this far…


You want to learn how to apply the TATE SECRETS to scale your personal brand or business beyond 8 figures… and to quite frankly, change your life by exploding your bottom line and influence.


So, here are your next steps…


You can do nothing with all of this information, and stay where you currently are.


And you KNOW where you currently are, I don’t need to remind you.


OR you can take action and apply for CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS to scale your personal brand or business beyond 8 figures using the practical applications of the TATE SECRETS.


All you need to do is click the button below and go through the application form to see if you are a fit to join CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS.


Once you’re done with the application, if you are eligible, then you will the opportunity to book a 30-minute strategy call with me or one of my team,


where we’ll break down your current – or future – personal brand or business and see if it's even possible for you to scale to 8 figures and beyond.


If it’s possible, we’ll show you how to do it, and offer you a spot to join CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS.


You will have to make a quick decision and claim your spot immediately before somebody else does.


Because we are not here to let just everyone into CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS.


The more people know about these methods, the less effective they become.


That’s why we are extremely selective about who we let in, and that’s why the price is high enough to keep most people out.


And the price will continue to increase the more members join, until eventually we close doors for access.


We only want winners who will take ruthless action with the transformation program provided.


So if this sounds like you, then click the button below immediately to start the application process 


and you and I will hopefully be speaking on a call very soon…


Regardless if you end up joining or not, after our call you’ll have clarity on exactly what action steps you need to take to reach the next level with your personal brand or business.


And let me remind you of what you will be getting instant access to when you join CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS.


The entire 8 week CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS transformation program, complete with compendious video & written lessons & assignments.


We are not here to fill you with fluff, we are here to provide you the most straightforward path towards results possible.


You will be given various templates, frameworks, and systems you can implement immediately into your funnels, sales pages, VSLs, script writing, sales teams, affiliate marketing teams, and more.


Every tool you could possibly ask for that will streamline your brand or business’ processes will be provided in an easily implementable format, because we have already cracked the code ourselves as to what works BEST.


You will get access to a dedicated private group chat with myself, my team, yourself, and your team… where we’ll all be working round-the-clock in private to make your operation a blistering success.


You will get access to 2x weekly Q&A calls with myself and my team, answering any and all questions you may have.


This is also where we do the energy, aura, oration, and presentation work which cannot be done purely over text – this is truly magic stuff.


You will get access to a mastermind community where you can support each other, network, answer each other’s questions, and get feedback and questions answered from myself and my team.


And finally, as a bonus, you will get access to my entire network of social media un-banners, social media brokers, payment processing solution providers, tax solution providers, and in general the very best connections you could possibly need in the entrepreneurial and creator space, because sometimes you will have these little gray area issues you need to solve such as getting an Instagram account back, or getting a better payment processor that has no reserve which means the money goes straight to your bank.


So if you feel like this is right for you then go ahead and click the button below to apply right now to see if you qualify.


And remember, it doesn’t matter if you don’t have a personal brand or business yet…


Or if you are already making multiple 6 or 7 figures and looking to reach the next level.


Absolutely everybody needs CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS because the things you will learn inside based on the TATE SECRETS which are the real needle movers and money printers for any personal brand or business are NOT taught anywhere else on the internet.


As soon as we reach capacity on how many people we can take on we will close doors indefinitely.


And as we approach that capacity, we will be increasing the price along the way as well.


I’m not launching this offer to get rich.


I’ve got enough money personally so that me or my family never works another day in our lives again.


The reason I offer this is to cement my status as the greatest of all time in marketing, so I only want the very best to join CLOUTPROFIT SCALING SECRETS and will raise prices and close doors whenever I want in order to keep the quality as high as possible.


So what are you waiting for?


It’s time to learn the practical application of the TATE SECRETS to scale your personal brand or business to 8 figures and beyond as quickly as humanly possible.


Click the button below to apply NOW.