ChampsOnly VSL




[Somewhere fancy, potential candidates: Miami Design District, X, Y, Z]
[Walking towards the camera as it backs up, talking]


Do you ever wonder HOW crypto millionaires are created seemingly overnight?


Look around you, this is happening every single day this bull run…


Freshly minted crypto millionaires around the world are finally living the life of their dreams and living in total abundance and freedom, starting with very little and accomplishing this in a very short amount of time.


HOW is this happening?


[Scene change]
[Somewhere sitting down, camera at 45 degree angle, ideally somewhere fancy but can also be wholesome place]


Some people got lucky or gambled.


I’m not talking about THOSE people.


Those people always end up losing their money anyways.


I’m talking about those people who GOT RICH off crypto…


And STAYED rich.


How did THEY do it?


They first had EARLY INFORMATION which they acted upon with SPEED.


Then they learned the crypto game so they could KEEP it.


[Scene change]
[Somewhere walking again, but camera is side on – POV of like riding in the car with someone]


Imagine now, the year is 2012.


Bitcoin is trading under $8.


Your friend tells you about these new magic internet coins with huge upside potential.


He mentions something about bitcoin, something blockchain, and tells you he’s going to invest 20k into them, and he recommends you do the same.


You call him crazy, and skip out on investing.


Flash forward to the year 2015.


Your friend, now already rich from his Bitcoin gains, comes to you AGAIN…


He tells you he’s spent the last 3 years learning in the crypto game about to make a calculated 100k investment into this new coin Ethereum.


He says it’s going to go up just like bitcoin, and tells you to invest.


You tell him, nahhhhh… that last time was a fluke.


It won’t happen again, you’re crazy.


2 years later he tells you about BNB, it goes to the moon.


3 years later he tells you about SOL, and that ALSO explodes in price.


EACH TIME you faded his advice. You called him crazy.


But really, WHO was the crazy one?


You, or him?


WHO got CRAZY rich?


You, or him?


Who STAYED rich?


You, or him?


[Scene change]
[Main desk]


I see this story repeating itself over and over again…


The average person is presented with EARLY INFORMATION on which crypto projects to invest in.


And they either act slowly, and miss out on all the upside.


Or, they ignore the advice completely and don’t invest at all.


Or they do invest, but since they don’t ever learn the crypto game, they end up giving it all back to the markets.


It boggles my mind.


Especially when me and all of the members inside of my private crypto trading and investing Discord do the exact OPPOSITE of what that average person does.


When I caught the NFT run of 2022, I immediately alerted all of my members… and they ALL acted quickly and won big. [Testimonials screenshots]


When we saw this 2024 bull run coming last year, I instantly gave our members my best picks… and they ALL acted quickly and won big. [More testimonials screenshots]


And for the rest of this bull market, they’re going to continue to ALL act quickly and win big. [I would really try to have a specific example here if possible]


If you don’t believe me — we have literally more than 2200 success stories and receipts of people ALL acting quickly, winning big… and KEEPING it.


Are we crazy?


Maybe.


Are we also all becoming crazy rich?


Absolutely.


Do you want to learn how we got ahead of the crypto markets?


Listen for the next 5 minutes and I will explain how.


[Cutscene, B-rolls lifestyle montage]
[DJ mixup sound effect]
[Flash back to 2017 b-rolls of Champ]


It all started in 2017 when I first started my crypto journey…


<Story of how he was broke at job in 2022, story of making first million dollars with crypto including Brett Malinowski? + joining the Discord community.


Now if you knew how to go on this journey alone, you already would have, but the secret is – you can’t do this alone. I didn’t do it alone.


I already told you that I was pulled into the game by a friend of mine, and that I only made it because of the community that I was in.


If I hadn’t had those people – I would legitimately still be fucked.


THAT’s why I created ChampsOnly.


So you guys don’t have to spend YEARS looking for a mentor like I did – so you don’t have to scour the entire internet trying to find a community that can teach you how to crush it in crypto.


So you can take advantage of this current bull run – which some experts say might be the last – before it’s too late.


And as you can see, it’s working pretty well. [Testimonials of people making bags on their FIRST DAY]


All of these wins are coming from the ChampsOnly Private Discord Trading Community…




ChampsOnly is the most powerful private crypto trading community on the entire internet which I started back in 2022, and since then we’ve been able to produce over 2200 success stories and receipts of people getting rich off crypto.


More than anyone else on the market.


Seriously, go ahead and compare us.


We keep producing wins such as…


<Insert story 1>


<Insert story 2>


<Insert story 3>


Now, obviously nobody has a 100% success rate.


Anyone who guarantees you will win every single time is lying to you.


So then how did anybody ever get rich, and STAY rich off crypto?


The reason they did this is because they won MORE than they lost.


Let’s say they invested in 10 projects, and a few of them lost money.


It doesn’t matter, because MOST of them won, and made them money.


So they’re still a winner in the end, right?


And becoming a winner in crypto is exactly what happens when you join ChampsOnly…




When you join, you get access to:


Daily alpha calls on large caps, mid caps, shitcoins, crypto market analysis, and trading signals from an entire team of expert traders each with their own trading style…


…all of this variety to ensure you extract the maximum amount of money possible from this bull market by getting into the best projects early, BEFORE they blow up.




4 times weekly LIVE expert trading sessions with those same professional millionaire traders.


Not only can you just follow our exclusive alpha calls… you can learn to spot them yourself!




Advanced crypto trading algorithm with a unique mechanism based on 1hr and 4hr time frames that our members are using for wins like this. [Testimonial screenshots of trading algo]


Incredibly useful tool to automate your profits.




Exclusive NFT Alpha: People don’t realize this but there are still loads of NFTs with insane upside launching every single day this bull run – sometimes for free even, you just have to know where to catch them.


We get our members whitelist access to all the hottest NFT launches AND have a launch mint calendar updated daily at 9am [or insert time] with the latest free money NFT plays so you never miss out.




This bull market is also full of Airdrop opportunities which are literally just when new tokens launch and send out huge amounts of their tokens for free to random people.


You might have seen people talk about these before like this teenage kid that got on Twitter after printing literally 7 figures out of thin air. 99% of people think getting these airdrops is pure luck, but there are ACTUALLY specific techniques to farm each airdrop and increase your chances of getting a crazy bag – like our member Will did with the recent Jupiter airdrop. [Testimonial screenshot of trading algo]


You will find comprehensive guides on the most lucrative airdrop opportunities, and hear about them before anyone else, anywhere, inside of ChampsOnly.




Only ChampsOnly allows you to skip the line with the most exclusive WHITELIST opportunities in crypto.


Money is made in crypto by getting in EARLY… and nobody is as early as someone who is on whitelists for upcoming launches.




You get a comprehensive crypto education, which can take you from a complete beginner to well versed in the crypto markets…  including a new bonus funded training curriculum, showing you exactly how to get funded so you can trade with millions of dollars in capital, starting with only $20.




And much, much more…


However… there are a few interesting things you have to keep in mind…


…and this is also why it makes us totally different from any other “Discord group” out there.




1. Nobody else has the quantity and quality of testimonials we have. We have over 2200 people making life changing wins, nobody else can match this.




2. Every discord group has some basic alpha calls, and sure you can probably make a bit of money. But there’s also loads of misinformation, scams, and nobody teaching you how to stay safe.


ChampsOnly is unique because it’s designed in such a way that it is virtually impossible to get scammed in crypto if you have even 2 brain cells fully functioning.


We literally have an entire section of our community dedicated to watching out for scams in the space and keeping your warned. It’s legitimately one of our most active sections.


Scams are everywhere in crypto, EXCEPT ChampsOnly. We take pride in this.




3. We have a unique alerts system which means you will not be spammed by endless notifications like every other group out there.


You will receive ONLY the MOST important alpha and calls so that you can focus on the highest ROI money making activities in your life.




4. You get an unlimited, round-the-clock 1-on-1 support ticket system which ensures that you are always looked after…


… and all your concerns, questions, issues are solved near instantly so that you can go back to printing this bull run.


I got an entire team taking care of this, nobody else has cared enough to make this a priority for their group members for some reason.




5. Last, but not least. You get a unique guarantee that nobody else can offer you…


If you don't make a successful trade within 14-days of joining ChampsOnly while adhering to a few rules we explain in our Discord and terms of service, we will give you a 100% money back guarantee with no questions asked.


Nobody else can offer you this.


[Scene change]
[Riding away on yacht maybe, need to give like titanic feeling that we’re running away from something/impending doom OR can be at the edge of a pier like the ones in Miami, as dusk setting on overlooking the bay OR can be similar vibe but getting filmed from your car during the night as you’re parked somewhere ominous]


ChampsOnly NOT ONLY gives you exclusive alpha, calls, education, access to millionaire experts, and a vibrant community…


We are also specifically DESIGNED to ensure our members take maximum wins this bull run.


Because this is probably the LAST bull run where you can make crazy generational wealth…


After this one, there will be more and more regulations coming which make it harder for the average person to even participate in crypto.


Institutions are coming in, buying up all of the supply and working hard to change the rules which means that YOU, as the retail investor, miss out on all of the asymmetrical upside.


In short, they want to make crypto as an asset, exactly like every other traditional financial asset:


Heavily regulated assets in heavily regulated markets, where only the mega rich get richer… while everyone else isn’t even allowed to play.


This is really a unique period in human history where there is a gap in the financial systems, where even common retail investors, in other words, YOU… can make life changing amounts of money.


Just like the gold rush of the 1850s, where it started off like the wild west, where ANYBODY could come in, find gold, and get rich…


This lasted for a few years, but soon the governments and big companies bought up and took control of the land, and took all the gold for themselves.


Those that got in early, got rich, and got out with their fortunes.


Everyone ELSE who tried to get in AFTER, weren’t able to, and remained stuck in their current situations.


The exact same thing is happening in crypto, right NOW…


I’m not sure if you’ve seen the BTC ETFs getting approved and SWALLOWING UP THE BTC supply, but the institutions are coming…


And they’re coming to control everything so they can prevent the upwards financial mobility of the masses.


[Scene change]
[Back to main desk]


So now you have a choice to make…


In front of you here, I call this the bell curve dilemma…


<Show bell curve>


You can either be middle-curved. Smack average in the middle.


These are the people who say stuff like…


“I’m scared to invest in crypto.”


“Will I really make money by following the advice of crypto millionaires who got rich, and stayed rich?”


“Maybe I should just try it on my own.”


And sure you can probably try it on your own, and learn the hard way like I did.


If you have X years [insert years] to dedicate to losing money as you learn the markets on your own through trial and error just like 99% of people.


OR you can be a far right or left curve chad.


Left curve chads never even bother to learn crypto.


They learn just enough to make basic trades, then they pay attention to trusted and proven experts inside ChampsOnly.


This is their thinking…


“Ok, he has over 2200 wins, and this community is churning out wins for beginners, experts, and anyone in between. I don’t have a lot of time to learn crypto, I just want to take advantage… OK sounds good, I’m gonna join ChampsOnly.”


OR, you’ve got the far right curve chads, and this is their thinking…


“Ok, he has over 2200 wins, and he’s got access to the biggest experts in the space, and offers all the education I need to be able to become an absolute pro in crypto as quickly as possible. I don’t want to always have to rely on Champ, but while I still have to, I can still crush it. So I might as well cut my learning curve by 99%, learn quickly, and get rich along the way.”


So what’s it gonna be?


Are you gonna mid curve this like everybody who misses out on every once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in their lives?


Or are you gonna be a far right or left curve chad, and join the rest of the winners inside ChampsOnly?


And here’s the mind blowing part…


I’m not even asking you to buy ChampsOnly.


You’re getting your money back 100% within 14 days if you don’t make a winning trade and as long as you follow our rules and regulations around this.


So ChampsOnly is essentially free.


I’m not asking you to buy… I’m asking you to TRY.


And if you won’t even TRY.


Then I’m sorry man, you’re simply NGMI.


But I know if you’ve watched this far, you’re not only going to TRY…


You’re going to ENSURE your success… because this is your LIFE.


Opportunities like this don’t come everyday.


So, this is what you have to do now…


Click the button below, act quickly and enroll.


As soon as you enroll, my team will be alerted instantly and prepare your onboarding materials.


You’ll receive them in your email, with instructions to join the Discord.


Once you are inside, follow the guides carefully.


Read all the channels, set your custom notifications.


And get ready to win big this bull run.


Champ out [Salute, or alter to your signature sign off].